Connor Usry- 8/28/15

Genre:
    Fighting Game

Consumer Tempting, ear popping, name:         ****** O'Houlihan's Revenge *******
    Inspired by one of the greatest films of all time, "Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story", O'Houlihan's Revenge is the
    journey of a novice dodgeballer driven by the desire to avenge his mentor Pathches O'Houlihan's "accidental" death.

Goal:
    There are two levels/game modes.

    1) The first level is when Patches O'Houlihan is training our young dodgeballer.  In this level, the goal is to
    survive Patches' harsh training tactics, summarized by his famous 5 D's of dodgeball catch phrase
    "Dodge, Duck, Dip, Dive and Dodge". In order to pass training you must evade patches' attempts to
    destroy your 3 lives.  If you are hit by either a ball or a wrench you will lose a life or two respectively
    (from another catchphrase of his... "If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball"). However if you survive the
    allotted time you will be deemed worthy and allowed to advance to... level 2!

    2) The second level is after the tragic "accident" of Patches' death. In this level you are battling against the
    evil owner of Globogym, White Goodman, in the Las Vegas dodgeball tournament. Here you are trying to defeat
    White Goodman by decreasing his lives. Unfairly, Goodman is wearing 'armor' which means that hitting him a single
    time won't destory him, however if he hits you a single time you lose the game. If you manage to catch
    enough of his thrown dodgeballs or hit him with enough of your own, then you win!!!

Basic Mechanics:
    This game will be framed from a 2-D side perspective (similar to the original Mortal Kombat games). There will be
    two sides of the screen, left for our player and right for the enemy (Patches in Level 1 & Goodman in level 2).
    There will be three different dodgeball/wrench throwing options...
        1) lob -> arched in the air which must be avoided by horizontal movement
        2) throw -> which must be ducked under
        3) roll -> which must be jumped over
    Therefore the player may move side to side and up and down within it's own territory.
    You may also attempt to catch the ball, with a varying probability of success based on the game scenario.

    While the enemy will have a constant supply of dodgeballs (received at a varying rate), your supply is limited in
    the second level. If you run out you must make it to the middle of the court to get more.

How its levels differ:
    The first level will be a survival type level, where the only way to win is to wait out the alloted time and survive
    the attacks.  The second level will be a true battle where, in addition to dodging your enemy's attacks, you
    must also fight back and destroy the enemy to win.
